I just spent three months working at
Lovable, a startup that went from zero
turnover through to 200 million in 12
months. And I saw all the things that
most businesses get wrong and I'm going
to give you the exact playbook that
Lovable use to execute on that mission.
My name is Chris Donley and I've built
three businesses to north of 10 million
in revenue and this channel is here to
help you do the same. So, let's get into
it.
Using AI to help write code is steadily
gaining ground. The pace is
extraordinary. It was only 4 months ago.
It was only back in July that you
mentioned that you got a $100 million
annual revenue run rate. Now that's
doubled.
So for those of you that don't know,
Lovable is one of the fastest growing
startups in history. It has enabled an
entire generation of people who
previously could not build software to
be able to effectively vibe code and
create new pieces of software. And so we
have seen the rise of the non-technical
founder. Historically, and I've been
doing this for 15 years, historically
founders were not building software
themselves. They were hiring engineering
teams. they were raising money and yet
lovable has come along and it has
leveled the playing field. It has
allowed ordinary people to build
incredible businesses. And so when the
opportunity presented itself for me to
go and actually work at Lovable, I just
knew I had to take it. Now I've been a
founder for 15 years. I've never
actually had a job. So this was the
How I Got The Job
first job I'd ever had. And it came
about in the most bizarre way ever. My
previous seed investor from my company
Lotty, which is now a large business,
was the same investor at Lovable. and
they were looking to scale their
business and they were looking to do
creator campaigns. They were looking to
do education content to grow their user
base. And my previous investor, who's a
friend of mine, said, "You should meet
Anton." And therefore, literally the
next day, I had a phone call with him. I
think he was super busy. He was like,
"Hey, I've seen your profile. I've seen
what you do. I'd love to talk to you
about how to create content for Lovable
and how do we get more people using the
app. How do we educate more people?" And
I just said, "Look, there's a lot I
could do. I could help you do creator
campaigns. I could help you launch an
education style program to get people
using the tool. And he was like, "Look,
I'd love you to do that. When can you
start?" And I was like, "Well, I'm not
really working right now, so let's do
this." So during the 3 months that I
actually worked at Lovable, I was mainly
focused on how to connect with creators
that had big audiences who could promote
Lovable, promote the tool, promote the
things that they'd built, you know, put
out to the audience, why this was such a
revolutionary piece of technology. And
then the second piece that I was working
on significantly and I actually kicked
off for them was a program called
shipped which was effectively a cohort
education style training program where
we took thousands of people in and we
The Creator Campaign Strategy
taught them over a six week period how
to actually build a piece of software or
an app from scratch from the beginning.
And so I did the first live broadcast to
thousands of people and we literally
explained to people how to find a great
idea, you know, how to validate your
business, how to scale, how to build
software and the campaign was a huge
success. And so importantly, I had
unique access to the best team in the
world doing things that no one's done
before, executing playbooks that I've
never witnessed ever. I've never seen a
team move at the speed they have. I've
never seen a team use technology in the
way that they have or, you know, utilize
audiences in the way that they have. And
having seen that and been in the team
and on the ground building that
business, I'm going to give you a
playbook of how you can use this to
build your business.
Spotting & Validating Massive Trends
So the first thing to focus on is how to
spot and how to validate a trend. And
Lovable is the perfect example of this
ever. And so what had happened before
lovable? Well, chat GBT had happened and
the world over was shocked, in awe,
surprised. Chat GPT, maybe you've heard
of it. If you haven't, then get ready.
Do you use AI? I love GBT.
And off the back of that, you had the
evolution of no code tools. And so
millions of people were using no code
tools. And what lovable was able to do
was to build something called GBT
engineer. And millions of people were
using this free GBT engineer to build
software, to build landing pages, to
build prototypes. And so they were able
quite quickly to be able to use
pre-existing technology to validate the
demand for their space. And overnight
they saw an explosion of users using
their tool GBT engineer and then they
were able to launch Lovable off the back
of this incredible consumer demand. Now
if we take a little bit of a step back
and historically look at businesses, one
of the most famous examples here is Jeff
Bezos in like 95 spotting that internet
usage was up 2 to 3,000% yearonear. And
so he knew that he had to build a
business in the internet space selling
to consumers. But this isn't a new
thing. This is happening all the time.
You saw this with mobile phones
happening where suddenly mobile phones
were a new consumer product and millions
of people had them the year afterwards
which meant that business could sell to
people with mobile phones. Then you had
2008 the app store happened and suddenly
businesses could sell through apps to
Lovable's GPT Engineer Validation Hack
consumers. And what is the big change
that's happened recently? Obviously chat
GBT happened and the world over has
changed. Consumer demand has changed.
And so how do you as an ordinary person
capitalize on this? A few things that
you can use. So first and foremost, I
want you to think about consumer trends.
I want you to try and spot things that
are changing in the consumer dynamic
that you might be able to build a
business in that space. And so what I
often do is I often go to Google and I
actually search for what the big four
consultancies are talking about. So
KPMG, Deote, etc. And they're going to
be spending millions in the creation of
reports and data sets that are talking
about consumer behavior. Other things
you could use would be Google Trends or
Exploding Topics. And what you're
looking for is the same sort of insight
that Jeff Basil's had, the same sort of
insight that Lovable had, which is big
consumer change. And in that consumer
change, your job is to try and identify
how you can position a business to ride
the wave in the same way that Lovable
has. Nothing in life is ever certain.
And so, I have built businesses before
that have taken off, that have become
worth hundreds of millions. I've built
businesses before that I was convinced
were going to work, but didn't. The only
thing in entrepreneurship that you can
be 100% certain on is how much effort
you put in to the thing that you're
doing. And so the only variable you
really have is your effort and your
energy. And so I would focus on trends.
I would focus on what's moving in the
market and try and build a solution in
it that your customer desperately needs,
not just wants.
Mission As A Weapon
The second thing I want to focus on with
Lovable is something that I think a lot
of businesses really do get wrong, which
is they were able to create such a big
mission and they were able to weaponize
that mission in such a powerful way that
they not only galvanized the best team
of people I've ever seen working in a
startup, but they were able to galvanize
millions of their consumers into being,
you know, supportative of lovable and
being lovable champions. And I think
it's really important to study this. So
what they were able to do is they were
able to take the idea that founders had
to be technical and turn it on its head.
And so they were able to weaponize the
idea that you can be a non-technical
founder and you can build a business.
Like you can go and do that thing. And
so what they got within their community
was millions of people being like, I'm
going to build my own business. I don't
need to be technical. I can vibe code.
And by doing that they created this
incredible vibe, confidence and momentum
within their community. Also for their
own team they were able to pull together
the best people in the world who wanted
to work on that mission who wanted to
allow people to build businesses which
became again something that pulls people
out of other companies to come work for
you. If they can so clearly see the
mission you have, how you're going to
achieve that mission and the idea that
mission could grow, you're going to be
able to pull the best people from the
best companies in the world to come work
Building Product Evangelists
on your startup. So this is something
called a counter mission and it's really
important to build this so that you can
galvanize that support and this isn't
new. This is something that a lot of
amazing companies have done throughout
history. You can look at companies as
recent as Monzo for example which were
able to galvanize their audience behind
the idea that banks were really
expensive and banks were really slow and
they charged interchange fees. But Monzo
was new and it was for the customer and
you know banks were very bad. And by
that, Monzo, for anyone that remember,
those coral cards was able to talk to
millions of consumers and capture them
like a bank never ever had before and I
don't think necessarily has done since.
And then there's companies like Spotify,
for example, their whole mission at the
beginning was about freeing and
empowering artists to be able to produce
their own music and create their own
music, make their own money by
streaming. And so again, in the early
days of Spotify, they were able to act
as the countermission to big record
labels. And so as a founder, if you're
sitting there thinking, you know, how do
I create a counter mission? Your goal
should be looking at the status quo,
trying to match that with the consumer
trend that we were talking about earlier
and try and position yourself in a
counter statement. And so lovable is the
perfect example of this because history
forever, Y Combinator, etc. has been
telling you you have to be technical to
build a business. And they said no,
we're going to allow non-technical
people to build software products using
Ship Fast, Learn Fast Philosophy
our tool.
So the third lesson that I want to give
you from lovable is a brutal focus on a
players. And so an A player really is
someone who's going to give every single
thing that they have as well as come
with a incredible skill set and
efficiency. And there's that really
famous saying from Steve Jobs where he
says that A players hire A players and B
players hire C players. And that's why
it's so important to you as the founder
and the entrepreneur that at the
beginning of your business, you hire
incredible people. And so before we
talked about the big mission and we
talked about a counter mission and these
are the things that are so important to
draw these A players in. A players don't
want to go and work on, you know, SAS
business number 57. A players want to go
and work on a mission that can change
the world. They want to go and work on
something that's going to revolutionize
the sector like Monzo, like Spotify. And
I'll give you a personal example of how
I did this in the last couple of years.
So 5 years ago, my brother and I started
a business called Lotty. Lotty was there
to help people find care homes and to
revolutionize the care sector. And it
was the first time in my life that I've
actually experienced so many A players
wanting to come and work for us. They
weren't there necessarily for the
financial outcome. They were there cuz
they cared about changing healthcare
forever. And that brought to me people
from Facebook, people from Google,
people from all of these incredible
companies who both wanted to be paid
well and to make a lot of money through
the equity of the company. but deeply
deeply cared about that mission and so
lovable did this so well they were able
The 72-Hour Rule
to take what is vibe coding and turn it
into a revolution in allowing
non-technical people to build software
and I experienced this very specifically
at lovable specifically their
engineering team would ship and create
new features not on a you know monthly
basis or a weekly basis the team was on
Slack honestly 24/7 discussing and
iterating on customer feedback and ideas
and they weren't talking about let's
ship this on Monday or Thursday or
Friday, they were like, "How do we ship
this tomorrow?" And that's honestly what
a players look like. They don't need
handholding. They have autonomy. They
know what they want to do. They can take
a bit of risk and cuz they know that if
they take the risk, they can fix the
thing. And that's what you want in a
startup. You want high autonomy, high
agency people who want to work hard, who
are driven by the mission, and are going
to be the people that build the culture
in your company that's going to then
result in hiring more people. Because as
the Steve Jobs saying goes, B players
will hire C players and A players will
hire A players. So the challenge of A
players is that A players need the big
mission. And so a lot of founders ask
me, they're like, how do I attract A
players to my business? You know, A
players don't want to come work for me.
And it's like the mission isn't big
enough. Your clarity in delivering the
mission isn't big enough. And you
yourself are not directing people
towards a big enough outcome for them to
Community-First Product Development
want to come and work for you. And so if
you want to get people from Google and
Facebook and like all these incredible
companies to come and work for you, your
small business, it needs a huge mission
with like deep clarity around how you're
going to achieve it and deep clarity
about why that matters to them. The
minute you achieve those things, people
are going to come and want to work for
you. The fourth point would be ship fast
and learn fast. And so in software
companies and technology companies in
general, you see this evolution of their
products. you know, they will develop
over time. However, what I experienced
at Lovable is an almost 24-hour cycle of
we've heard this from the community,
we've heard this from our customers. You
know, whether it was a bug or a fix or
whether a customer had given them a
really good idea, the team would take
that feedback immediately, they would
distill it, they would talk about it,
they would try and collect more feedback
and within a 24-hour cycle, they would
then iterate and release a new feature
or an improvement or so forth. And that
just means that as a team they are able
to take a product from you know basic
through to advanced in a matter of 30
days. Whereas a normal company would
debate it, they would think about it.
They would design it. They would look at
the design. They would you know move
boxes around on pages. Whereas with
lovable they were quite literally saying
here's an amazing idea. Let's just build
it and launch it and get feedback. And
that is something that I took as a piece
of feedback and as a and a general point
for business moving forwards is that it
is so much better to launch the thing as
an MVP, get lots of feedback on it and
then iterate and move forward rather
than spend months and months and months
planning. You want to get it out there
and listen to how people are actually
using it. This is simply referred to as
the feedback loop which is really really
straightforward. You simply ship a
product. You ask your customers how
they're using it and you track how
they're using it. And then you take that
information, iterate and improve and
launch again. And you just keep doing
that again and again. And what Lovable
got right, which a lot of people don't,
is they did all three parts of that.
They did the I'm going to listen to what
my community has to say. I'm also going
to record and watch as people click
through my products. And then I'm going
to take both of those pieces of
information, improve my product, and
relaunch it and do the same thing again.
This also builds on the point from
before which is a big mission, a
weaponized mission and shipping fast and
learning fast. It also allows you to
galvanize these product evangelists. You
know, you're, you know, 100x customer,
Hiring From Your Community
the person who's going to talk about you
every single day on their LinkedIn or on
their ex or whatever. And that's because
you're facilitating, listening to their
feedback, and you're implementing it.
And for them, that feels incredibly
special. For them, they feel like they
are part of the mission more than
anything else. They feel like they are a
driving force within the community. And
I have never seen anything like the
lovable community. Truthfully, I have
been involved in maybe seven large
businesses now that have all had some
form of community. The lovable community
is such high energy, such high
conviction, and everyone feels like they
are part of building that business. At
this stage, a lot of people often ask
me, do I need to build a community? Do I
need to do content to build my business?
And the honest truth is, you obviously
don't have to. However, your choices are
relatively limited because distribution
is going to be the biggest challenge
that your business has, especially now
that companies like Lovable have lowered
the barrier to being able to build
software and ship landing pages and, you
know, develop websites or whatever. You
now have less levers at your disposal to
be really successful. And so,
distribution becomes one of those
levers. And so, do you have to build a
community? Do you have to make content?
No. But if you don't, you're making it
harder for yourself. If you form a great
community and if you create great
content that results in a lot of
followers and it results in a lot of
people checking out what you do, then
you have built your own distribution and
you've also built an audience of people
who are predisposed to like a product
that you build, predisposed to want to
give feedback to a product you've built.
And so this is something that I talk
about a lot in general, which is when I
launch a business, I am able to launch
it to 1.1 million people on LinkedIn.
I'm able to launch it to 300,000 people
on my newsletter. And so immediately I'm
able to get hundreds if not thousands of
people to give me their opinion on a
product or a feature that I ship. And
that is so valuable. I cannot even put a
price on how valuable that is. And so if
I'm speaking directly to the founder
here, I would say that it would be a
huge missed opportunity not to create
content and try and create community
around your product because the value is
found in so many areas from validation,
from feedback, from product improvements
and then ultimately people becoming as
we spoke about earlier product
evangelists. The last point I would just
say on community and content is that by
creating incredible content, creating an
incredible community, you're actually
going to find a lot of your future team
members. And I saw that at Lovable, half
the team had been in the Lovable
community before they worked at Lovable.
And I thought that was just so
incredible because it means that when
your team join you, they have context of
you, they have context of the business,
and from day one, they can add value as
a customer. You don't have to teach them
the product or teach them the sector.
They're all in because they're already
product users.
Viral Mechanisms
So the fifth thing I want to talk about
with Lovable is their ability to use
viral mechanisms. And so what is a viral
mechanism? First and foremost, it is
something that happens in the nature of
using the product that makes other
people see the product. And so you can
think of this as you know Loom. If I
send you a Loom, you not only see my
video, but you see the product loom. If
I was to send you a Zoom link, for
example, you not only get an invitation
to have a video call with me, but you
get to see that Zoom is the provider of
that. And we've got a million examples
of this from Dropbox in the early days
who said, "If you want more storage,
invite a friend." From Uber to get $10
to invite a friend to Uber. And so with
Lovable, it's very similar. Their
product is inherently viral in the sense
that non-technical people want to show
off the fact that they are creating
software. And so they share it first and
foremost. And so Lovable made it very
easy for people to share their products
and their projects and so forth, but
also Lovable are very good at amplifying
what is already a relatively viral
product. And so how many of the ads
you've seen from lovable are focused on
this kid just rebuilt Docyign and
Docyign are suing this kid for building
this massively valuable company. And
it's like they are very good at creating
theater around viral moments within
their product. And you see this all the
time with like youngsters continuously
sharing like Stripe dashboards. Now
Stripe obviously for them that's amazing
because the kid or the person I should
say is showing off about the success of
their business but at the same time
they're simply sharing off uh Stripe.
They're simply showing off Stripe which
is really important. So when you're
thinking about your business, you might
not design your business necessarily
around the viral moment. But you should
look within your business and see if you
can identify the viral moment that you
The DocuSign Example
have. So a lot of people at this stage
ask like how do I create a viral
mechanism for my business and obviously
the businesses that have truly achieved
this have been the ones that have gone
on to become super successful but you
can obviously find them in small moments
in your business and so you can think of
a viral loop and that could be that your
customer is the CEO and the customer is
going to send the report from your
dashboard to his team and so immediately
it has a viral mechanism in that it will
get distributed throughout the team.
I'll give you an example of my agency
when I was 21. I made the luxury digital
awards and by creating the luxury
digital awards I was able to invite the
25 best people within luxury digital to
get these awards. They all shared it
because they were so proud of the award
that they had won and at the same time I
then had these incredible luxury leaders
talking about my business online. And so
what you want to do is you want to look
for these moments to either amplify them
or to create them. And the obvious ones
are things like referral schemes or you
know sending a link from your product to
someone else and they see the product as
well as the thing that the customer is
trying to show.
Expanding Your TAM
The last point and I genuinely think
this is the reason that lovable have
done so well is they have been able to
expand their TAM and so by that I mean
expand the amount of people that can use
their tool and can consider themselves
an engineer. And so importantly, they
made the decision to make their product
free so that you can use it up to about
five credits a day. And five credits
will allow you to do a few things. And
to the non-technical person who never
previously thought they were an
engineer, suddenly thinks they're an
engineer. Suddenly thinks that they can
build software. And so they were able to
expand the total addressable market by
allowing anyone to sign up to their tool
to build a quick landing page and
suddenly think, "Wow, that was magical.
Wow, maybe I can build software." And so
importantly, if you're thinking about
your business right now, you want to be
able to get people to discover the
business and then have that magic
moment. So what is that magic moment?
How do you cultivate that with your
audience and then allow them to see it
and experience it themselves? They truly
were the best in the world at doing
that. And so what I want you to take
away from that point is time to value.
How do you get your customer to
experience value and do it in a way that
it can be experienced in their first
session? Think about the level example.
They are allowing someone to build a
landing page or a piece of software in
quite literally one day, probably one
sitting. And so, how can you break down
your product to allow your customer to
experience real value as fast as
possible? So, after three incredibly
The Magic Moment
hardworking months, many late nights
working with some of the best people I
ever have, I made the quite crazy
decision to leave, but is very much the
case with this channel as well. I have
taken the lessons that I've just told
you about what I've learned from Lovable
and I've put them into play in building
a new business. So, I saw a massive
consumer trend in the nature that no one
is googling anything anymore. We are no
longer looking to Google for the
answers. People are now using chat GBT
to find products and services. So, I was
like, I'm going to build a business
within this space. We want to ship fast.
We want to learn fast. And so, I built a
community of people off the back of my
personal brand and built a Slack
community of a,000 people and a weight
list of 10,000 people. And every single
time I developed a new feature or had an
idea, I would ask the community what
they thought. And so very quickly over
the period of 100 days, we have massive
How I'm Using This In My New Business
product evangelists already. And I've
also studied how to create viral
mechanisms and how we can make the
product accessible to so many more
people and they can have quick time to
value. And so what we did is we made it
so that people could use the searchable
agent to optimize their business and
then quickly share it within their
corporate work teams. And so now we have
people saying, "Look at how much traffic
we're getting from chatbt." and they're
able to send those visibility reports to
their colleagues and send the traffic
increases to their colleagues. The last
thing is the magic moment, that moment
that people have where they go, "Wow,
this is incredible." We actually allow
people within Searchable to talk
directly to their analytics and say,
"Which pages do I get most of my revenue
from and how can I increase my revenue?"
And the machine that's trained on you
starts to tell you. So, if you've
enjoyed this video and the steps that
I've given you that lovable views that
I'm using now within my business, you
should definitely check out this video
that I've created on how to get to your
first million in turnover in 2026.