Hello everyone. How's it going? Are you tired? No. Is everyone ready to party after
this presentation? You know what they say about being last.
It sucks. But yeah, hopefully hopefully I'm going to give you a really nice speech and a
boat full of tips. Okay, from likes to leads. Sounds like a cool title, right?
But I want to tell you exactly what I'm going to tell you today. Today I'm going to talk about certain
things that I'm really passionate about. See, I'm super passionate about
psychology. I am in love, I'm not exaggerating, in love with psychology because psychology is amazing. It is the
coolest thing ever to me. And then I'm going to lead you into sales. I'm going to tell you how to actually make money
from LinkedIn. And I'm going to talk to you about the game of attention. Game of Thrones. Game of attention. Right.
Speaking of, can I have your attention for a second? Can you just It's been a
long day for me, for you. Can we just do a little bit of exercise? Can you just raise your hand for me, please? Everyone
needs to participate. Just raise your hand for me. Now, can you please raise it all the way up?
My question to you is
why didn't you raise it all the way immediately when I asked?
Nah, it's okay. You can put it down. See, psychology to me is amazing, right?
It's predictable and we can actually use that to our advantage because on
LinkedIn it's the same exact game. Nobody is using it 100%. Nobody. In
fact, a small little percentage. I shouldn't lie. It's not nobody. It's a small little percentage. Right? Why
LinkedIn, by the way? Why this big big platform? What's the popularity? What's the fuss
about? It became a big deal when LinkedIn crossed 1 billion users. In
fact, I brought some stats today for you guys. One of my good buddies from
LinkedIn, he works at LinkedIn, Danny Marov, he shared this just a couple of weeks ago. LinkedIn, compared to other
social media platforms, has the lowest lowest number of active users. 1%
of 1.2 billion users are active. That means there's opportunity for
everyone here. It's that easy to go in. The barrier to entry, as Nemiah
mentioned last night, is so low. It's ridiculously low. And yet, people are not using it the correct way. In fact, I
want you to prove my point right now. How many of you log into LinkedIn every
day? Just raise your hand. That's not even a fourth, not even a
fifth of people here. You see? Oh, I should ask about how many of you
log into Instagram or Tik Tok. Ah, there we go. Okay, so this is the
official stat from LinkedIn. Only 1% of users are actually posting. But to those
of you who actually raised your hands, I just want to say congratulations. You belong to the top 1% of creators in the
world. Please give yourself a round of applause. An actual round of applause. This is a huge thing because like I told
you, the barrier to entry is so low. How do I know this? Because I just came back from the USA. I was in a USA tour and
today in Split, I'm starting my Balkcon tour. I'm going to be in Croatia four times this month. I'm going to be in
Zagreb and then Aatia, then uh Roin, then I'm going to Budwva, then Greece.
I'm going to be all over the place, but while I was in the United States, I
received a very special exclusive invite from LinkedIn directly. In fact, it was
so exclusive I had to sign an NDA, which means I can't tell you what I talked about, but I can sneak it in. Okay, I'll
try to sneak it in so I don't get sued. So, after I did that, I met with so many
of my clients, so many of my community members. I organized a meetup in freaking Times Square, New York. So I
meet I talked to hundreds of people, hundreds. And all of them were basically asking me
the same questions. And when I was going to split, I was like, I want to do this.
I know exactly what's on people's minds about LinkedIn. I bracketed I grouped
these questions into three groups. How to sell without pitching.
How to sell without selling and how to sell without even trying. Meaning you
want your activity, your content to do the work for you. We call this inbound.
The clients are coming to you. You don't have to seek them out. It's the ideal scenario, right? You can just log in, do
some stuff, and clients find you. That's the most ideal scenario, but it's
possible. So to today I'm actually going to reveal some strategies that work really well for getting clients the
inbound way. The title was from likes to leads. It
was a cool title, but when I was coming to Split and I knew I had these questions on my mind, I was like it
needs to be cooler to the point where you're my favorite person in the world, Lutia,
wherever you are. She almost killed me yesterday cuz I didn't send her the slides. this presentation wasn't ready
yesterday. Okay? And I told her, I'm changing the title. I'm changing the slides. I want it to be perfect for my
split audience. So, I came up with a few variations. The first one, from likes to
leads, it was n okay. The next one, from scrollers to high rollers, baby,
slightly better, right? The next one, from how much
to when do we start? Uh-huh. to the next one. From hell no to heck
yes. You tell me which one you like best after we're done. I'm going to ask you
to ask me some questions in the end. But first things first,
have you noticed what just happened here? This is not a trick question.
I've been playing a game with every one of you here. I've been playing a game since the moment I stopped stepped foot
on this stage. This is slide number 22 of this presentation.
Slide number 22. And it still feels like we're at the very beginning of what I'm about to tell you. I haven't even
started. Slide 22. You want to know why? Because I'm doing something purely
psychological. This is lesson number one. The most powerful thing you can do
on social media. It is called a pattern interrupt. Meaning, you expect something
to happen and then something different happens. You expect something to be on these slides and it isn't. Or you go to
Google and you search for something super innocent.
Tony, your organizer, and Yasmin, this guy
with underwear in the air. Now, I know there there's a younger audience here. What's the pattern
interrupt going to be? Can anyone guess this picture right here? See, I didn't
lie. We still have underwear in the air. But this is so powerful in psychology and
sales. See, what if we turned this into a freaking LinkedIn post? I'm telling you, if you read this in your feed, you
would stop and read, right? You would stop and read it. It would fly off the shelves. It would get so many likes and
so many freaking comments and reposts. Why? Because it's giving you something
that's not predictable. Why am I telling you this? Because in my humble opinion, I believe that 99% of all content on
LinkedIn is super predictable. I don't even have to read it. I'm just scrolling. I'll read the first line or
the first two or three lines. Ah, it's like I have no reason to click see more.
It's boring. It's predictable. It's almost
insufferable. And I know you guys probably feel the same way about LinkedIn. It's like
everyone's showing off. Everyone's pretending to be the biggest expert. Everyone's trying to teach you something that you probably already have heard a
billion times, right? That's I have I've had these conversations a billion times. I know how people feel about LinkedIn.
But that's the wrong perception. But it's actually a pretty popular
perception to the point where on Reddit, one of the world's biggest platforms, they have a page, a subreddit called
LinkedIn Lunatics, okay, with almost a million followers
where they just troll the hell out of everyone on LinkedIn. And I'm telling you, in the LinkedIn world, if you end
up on LinkedIn Lunatics, this is like a Grammy. This is like you won an Oscar in
the wrong way. Okay? You don't you don't want to be here.
You don't want to have LinkedIn lunatics on your bio. Speaking of bios,
that's a pattern interrupt. Another one. Speaking of bios, I actually forgot. I didn't introduce myself, guys. So, hi.
My name is Yasmin. I'm actually from Bosnia. I'm from Zenita. And this is usually the slide I use when I'm
introducing myself to my audience. And I typically never introduce myself in the very beginning. I introduce myself
mid-presentation. I'm going to give you the reason why. You're going to see a lot of logos on this slide. It's because
I've been in the business for a long time, almost two decades. I've been a copywriter. I've been a brand
strategist. And right now on LinkedIn, I run three businesses through LinkedIn.
Three businesses. I run a coaching business. I've been lucky enough to be booked out for four years in a row with
coaching. I run a paid community called LinkUp, which is one of, no, heck, not
one of, the best, the biggest LinkedIn paid community in the world. I'm not exaggerating when I say that. And I also
have a software called Linkbound, which I'm going to tell you more about in the next part of this presentation. But I
want to summarize my story just so you guys know exactly why you should trust me. Who's this guy telling us about
LinkedIn? Why should we listen to him? Because I had a very fun story coming here, coming to LinkedIn. I used to be a
teacher. That was my old job. I used to teach in
middle school and high school and I have one of the first and only copywriting
courses at the university. I'm a university professor. That's why I enjoyed yesterday's panel on
copyrightiting versus AI so much. I really really enjoyed it cuz I'm a professor of copyrightiting.
Now after that, I've been a rapper. No, I'm not kidding. I've been in the
media almost every day for 5 years. X Factor, MTV every day, six albums behind
me. And I wrapped really, really fast. Like Eminem,
that's easy. Easy. But then I came to LinkedIn and the last
3 years we've been ranked the number one LinkedIn growth expert, LinkedIn
creator, whatever you want to say, in the world, not locally. And we didn't only do it once, we did it three years
in a row. And we didn't only do it with one ranking, we did it with three different rankings. And I'm really proud
of that because I represent Bosnia and I represent all of Balkans in the world. and I worked with some of the biggest
personal brands in the world. Some of these names, if you're on LinkedIn, you probably know them. I'm their coach
proudly. Now, I want to extend an invite to all of you
to my next meetup. I told you I just have one in New York City. Next month, we have a meetup with my community in
SAB on October 17th. If you want to join the community, if you want to hang out with us and spend an entire week, let me
know. I'm going to give you a nice gift at the end of this presentation. So stay till the end. Now let's get back to the
questions. How to sell without pitching. How to sell without selling. How to sell without even trying.
Advice number one was pattern interrupt. I have three more bits of advice for you today. Three more lessons. Lesson number
two, pitch slapping, then signposting, then pre-planting. Let's talk about pitch slapping. Have you ever heard of a
pitch slap? The word P isn't actually the letter that's supposed to be here,
just so you know, but it's actually the same feeling. The definition of pitch
slapping means someone sends you a DM and they are immediately selling to you
and you've never heard them, never seen them, you never even thought of them.
This is called pitching to strangers. My question to everyone who works in marketing and sales, genuine question,
why are you selling to strangers? There's a better way on LinkedIn. And I'll tell you exactly why. Because on
LinkedIn, if you're just going doortodoor, it's weird. Because it feels like, oh,
do you have a moment to talk about a possible savior? Possible. I said possible.
Don't do this. This is the classic conversation, you know, cold outreach versus what I call
warm outreach. Even the cold outreach guys agree with me. I've had this conversation at least a hundred times in
the last year. Cold outreach works. By the way, it works. I'm not saying it doesn't work, but warm outreach works
miles better. Cold outreach means you're just reaching out to strangers, strangers, strangers, and you're hoping
a that they will open, b that they will listen, three, that you might be some sort of magical miracle worker and you
will actually sell something to them. On LinkedIn, you need a lot of tools for this automation.
And LinkedIn hates automation. I'll show you that in the second slide. LinkedIn's official terms of services. A
lot of people do not know this and they lose their profile. I've had tons of clients lose their actual LinkedIn
profile because they didn't know about this. Heck, we have tools from the Balkans even that are doing millions in
revenue that are completely against LinkedIn's rules. Completely against LinkedIn's rules. This is LinkedIn's
terms of services. I'm not making this up. What does it say?
You can't scrape. You can't modify. You can't automate activity of any kind of
any kind. This is why cold outreach on LinkedIn no longer works. The second
reason is people have gotten smarter. In fact, it has become such a big issue
with these automation tools that LinkedIn has banned a lot of them and in
return they're also banning the users who are using them. Don't do it. If you have any tools connected to your
LinkedIn, this is brotherly advice, okay? Okay, this is not coach Yasmin talking to you now. This is Yasmin from
Zenit talking to you like a brat says disconnect every tool you have connected
to your LinkedIn right now. I'm telling you for your own good. Disconnect everything. If anything's connected, it
means it's against LinkedIn. It shouldn't be connected. Nothing. Okay, let's move on. Let's move on to some
more positive things. I'm going to tell you about Linkbound. This is my software that I built for myself. I needed this.
And I'm not here to promote the software, sell you the software. I'm just here to tell you how I use it to
make my life easier and how our clients use it. See, I told you, do not talk to strangers.
So, who do you talk to? Talk to people you've already talked to. It's that
easy. In the comments, how many times have you logged into LinkedIn? How many comments have you
left? How many comments have you received on your own posts? Right? These
are your warmest leads because you've already spoken to them. So the tool basically filters every conversation
you've ever had and it compiles what we call a top network list, your most engaged audience. Then you can basically
just get this in seconds versus be this guy and open a Google sheet and manually
track every comment with hundreds of people per day. Yes, that's what I've been doing for years. It worked until I
built this. And then you can simply filter it out down to your industry, down to the size of the company's
budgets, typical LinkedIn filters, right? And then you can get an even warmer, hotter leads list, right? It's
that easy. And then you also get alerts. Like for example, if you've spoken to someone recently 10 times, you're going
to get an alert from the tool that's going to say, "Hey, your relationship is sleeping. Send them that initial DM."
Right? Which is kind of funny. It's kind of ironic cuz I said initial DM, meaning
first DM, but this is not going to be your first DM. That's the beauty of linkbound. You're never talking to
people for the very first time. You're talking to them for the fifth, 10th, or maybe 20th time. Warm outreach, guys.
I'm telling you, warm outreach is the way to go. That's lesson number two for today. Do not pitch slap strangers. Now,
lesson number three for today about LinkedIn. And you can use this lesson
everywhere. Landing pages, emails, YouTube scripts, podcasts,
being on stage. It's called signposting. I want to give you a few examples and
tell me how boring they are. 10 TED talks you should watch as an
entrepreneur. How many times have you seen this title, right? Probably a hundred times. Or morning productivity
tips in your 30s, in your 20s, in your 40s. Who cares? We've seen this a billion times. The problem is a lot of
people are still posting this on LinkedIn. Why would I want to read this? I can simply Google it.
Like genuine question. Why would anyone read this when you can simply Google it? Why you? Why you? But it's an easy fix.
What did I tell you at the very beginning? Psychology, it's amazing. It's the coolest thing ever. In
psychology, we have this thing called signposting. If you simply tell people how you know the information, they can't
Google it anymore. They can't. If you said, "As a CEO of 15
years, I've worked with many young entrepreneurs. Here's the 10 TED talks I think every young entrepreneur should
watch. Can you find this on Google?" No. Why? Because it's your TED talks, only
yours. It's that easy to fix this huge, humongous problem. Simply tell people
how you know what you do. In psychology, we call this signposting. Here's
signposting your authority. And you can use it in every post. Everything that
you write, literally everywhere. Here's an example of a post that I did. I
almost never sell in my LinkedIn post, but I always tell you why you should trust me. And then I say, "In the last
1111 days, I've trained 52,000 blah blah blah blah blah blah." You can
read the rest of this post, but let's let's let's have an exercise. These two
lines that I highlighted here, let's delete them.
If we don't have those two lines that I highlighted, my question is, whose post
is this? It's not mine anymore because I'm not telling you this is my
information. This is how I know it. It's not mine. You can simply Google it. But when I tell you, you trust me
implicitly. I'm the expert. You're the expert. Whoever is reading your words, they're believing you on the spot. You
don't need to convince them. Why? Because psychologically, you planted a seed in their mind. This is what signposting is. It's literally farming.
You're planting seeds. It's beautiful. And you can use it anywhere in any post.
I literally use it in everything I write. I'm not exaggerating. Everything.
YouTube scripts, emails, landing pages, websites, anything. Signposting is
amazing. Use it anywhere. In fact, keep reminding your audience. Keep reminding
yourself why they should trust you. Remember this slide?
I signposted in the middle of my presentation. It shifted something in your minds when
I started this part of my presentation. Right? It's almost like you trusted me more compared to the beginning of the
presentation. This is psychology at play here, right? This is psychology. You got
to lean into it. Use it to your advantage. Let's continue more examples
of how you can do this. And it's actually pretty simple. All you need is one line. Just one line. It doesn't need to be a fancy paragraph. You don't need
to overthink it. Here's a longer one. In my 15 years as a founder and CEO, I've worked with x many people. Done.
Authority established. Shorter one. Most Fortune 500 clients I work with, blah
blah blah. Who's my target client? Fortune 500 companies. If I said most
SAS startups I consult, who is my target audience? SAS startups. If I say
whenever I coach people, who am I? I'm a coach. If I say whenever I train people,
who am I? I'm a trainer. If I say whenever I design for my clients, I'm a designer. Whenever I design websites,
website designer. Whenever I design logos, logos designer. It's that easy. Signposting is necessary. If you're not
doing it, you're doing yourself, your business, and your company, and your clients a big disservice. I'm telling
you, this is the number one lesson I teach every single client. That was a
signpost because the information matters, but who says it? The the the
source, it matters more. Way more. Okay. In a fancier world, I would say stop
asking for trust and for authority and start attracting it with your authority.
Lesson number four for today, the last lesson of the night. I talked about
planting just now, but I have a term I like to call pre-planting. You're doing something ahead of time,
and it's about LinkedIn comments. the most
underutilized, the most underused place on LinkedIn. LinkedIn comments.
Why? Because everyone feels, for the lack of a better term, naked. They feel seen. It's almost like you're scared to
share your opinion. That's what the comment section is, right? Oh, another CEO is going to see what I wrote. I want
to come across. No one cares. Trust me, no one cares. And I'm going to show you exactly why no one cares. Here's what
most people don't realize. Commenting has power. Commenting is magic. To the
point where I have my own rules for commenting. I wrote the book on commenting. I'm going to show you that.
Number one rule of commenting that I have is never comment for the author of
the post. Comment for everyone reading that post. Examples of this. Hey, great
post Luke. Thanks for sharing, Tony.
I agree 100%. If all of you comment like this, nobody
stands out. Nobody. Cuz you're just blending in with the crowd. It's just noise, noise,
noise. No one really stands out. And you're not actually even contributing
to the to the to the post, to the article, to the conversation. You're not you're just wasting your time. You could
be leaving thousands of these per day. Nothing. Nothing. So, here's an
alternative. What does it mean to comment for everyone reading the post? It means don't respond to the author.
Add to the post. Add something. If someone wrote, "Here are seven tips,"
blah blah blah. You can say, "Well, here's number eight. Here's number eight." See, your comment
is a continuation of the post. Or if someone said, "Here are seven tips." You can say, "See, about number three,
whenever we at HypeFi do this XYZ, all of a sudden you're listening to this guy. You're like, "Oh my god, he's
adding something." See, you're staying, you're reading. So now you're contributing to the conversation. This
is how you comment like a pro. You comment with strategy. There are different examples that I teach, that I
coach of how you can comment really, really strategically. Commenting is, I'm
telling you, magic. It gives you more visibility than posting ever could. And I'm actually gonna prove it, okay?
Because comments are like magnets. Comments are like magnets. You're
dropping them everywhere and people can just be pulled in. When you're posting,
it's actually the opposite. You're posting something and you're hoping it expands. With commenting, you
drop it anywhere and it goes in. It goes inward instead of outward. This is the
beauty of commenting. And you can actually do this from your company page. I know someone is probably going to ask,
"Sure, I only run a company page." You can do the same exact things from your business page, from your company page on
LinkedIn. This is not just about personal profiles. It goes for everything, right? Comments are the
number one growth hack on LinkedIn. Remember this. Should you trust what I'm
saying? Yes. Here's why. Because three years ago, I wrote the most
comprehensive guide on commenting in the world and LinkedIn picked it up. I did not know about this, by the way. I had
no clue. I woke up to 10,000 notifications on my LinkedIn. LinkedIn
took my PDF guide and they placed it on the homepage of LinkedIn for 1 billion
people to see. And I was like, damn, this is crazy.
That's when they invited me to a call and that's when I was basically giving them feedback on how we can incorporate
comments into the platform a little bit more because posting
it doesn't do the whole job. So today I'm very proud to say that the reason why we have such a big focus on comments
is because of that guide that we wrote and because of that conversation I had with them. Here's
the big picture of comments that I want you to remember. They give you more visibility. If you're ever wondering,
should I be posting? Should I be commenting? Commenting 90% of the time, posting only 10% of the time. And I have
proof for this. This is a comment I wrote very casually. 45 seconds. That's
how long it took me. 45 seconds. It had 70,000 views in one day.
Now, on the same exact day, I spent 30 minutes writing this amazing post. I
spent 2 hours engaging with people in the comments. I had over 4,000
engagements. You see, I have pain in my voice when I'm saying this. 4,000 engagements. And I got freaking 45,000
views. It took me 45 seconds to write that comment. It brought me more business and more views than this
freaking post. So, you asked me, "What's the message here? Should we stop posting?" No. Posting is a great thing.
Posting is necessary. You got to give people something of value in the form of your own broadcast, right? Think of it
like news on TV, right? It's your own show. You're broadcasting to the world.
You're speaking to your community. But think of it also like reporters on the ground. They're traveling everywhere and
they're collaborating with everyone. That's what commenting is. Commenting is necessary, right? 90% of the time, spend
your time in the comments. I'm telling you, you will not regret it. 10% of the time spent writing and publishing posts