This is Justin. He built his online
business to $1.7 million a year, working
only five hours a day. And the crazy
part is he runs it all by himself.
I don't have any employees.
What's even more insane is the story of
why he decided to quit his job to do
this.
Screaming, crying, hallucinating. Didn't
know what was happening.
In this episode, we met up in downtown
New York City, and he showed me exactly
how he makes millions of dollars with
zero employees.
Last year, my business did about 1.7
million. Uh, and this year I anticipate
that it'll do around two and a half.
He also told me the secrets to getting
hundreds of thousands of followers on
Twitter and LinkedIn.
It's not as complex, I think, as a lot
of folks might assume that it is,
and how he runs his entire business on
less than $700.
The total cost of my business is about
620 bucks a month.
This interview is a master class on how
to build a multi-million dollar
oneperson business from scratch. I'm Pat
Walls and this is Starter Story.
How he makes money
All right, Justin, can you explain to
the audience exactly what you do and how
you make money?
So, the the easiest way to describe it
is I have sort of a portfolio of
products that I sell. Uh my main
portfolio is what you would just call
online courses or information products.
I sell two of those. One on how to use
LinkedIn effectively to build a business
and the other one on how to build your
own content system. A secondary way that
I make money is I have a newsletter
that's approaching 100,000 subscribers.
So, I sell sponsorships to companies who
want to get in front of, you know, their
ideal customer if that person or or
group of people happen to be my
readership. And then a third way that I
make money is I have a subscription
email that I send out where every month
they'll get an email from me that shows
them uh copywriting techniques for for
writing better copy on social media. So
all in all, everything that I do is
based on knowledge and uh I most
commonly refer to myself as a knowledge
entrepreneur when people uh you know
don't know exactly what I do.
Revenue
Based on all these products, how much
money do you make total?
Uh last year my business did about 1.7
million. Uh and this year I anticipate
that it'll do around 2 and a half.
How to become a solopreneur
So I think it's it's hard for some
people to comprehend that one person,
you're just one person, no team, can
make $1.7 million a year. How is that
even possible? I think the most
important thing to think about if you
can commit to getting on social media,
choosing a topic you're passionate
about, really educating yourself about
it, and then going out and writing
consistently about it every single day
on multiple platforms, sometimes two to
three times per day, then you can build
up this audience. And then it really
becomes a numbers game, right? If you
have a million followers and 1% or 2% of
your 1 million followers buy a product
that you offer at a few hundred, well,
suddenly you see that this becomes
relatively possible when you add to the
mix tools, systems, and processes. It
becomes significantly easier. So, you
can't just wake up every day as a
oneperson business and say, well, what
do I do on Monday? What do I do on
Tuesday? What do I do on Wednesday? When
I wake up every morning during the week,
I know exactly what I'm doing. And then
it's a lot of tools, right? like
publishing tools which allow you to
schedule your your social media
publishing, tools like notion which
allows you to stay organized and have
all your ideas in one place. Tools like
Trello which allows you to, you know,
move projects forward and these are
things that I leverage, you know, on a
regular basis for my business. And
When he left his 9-5
I know you have a pretty unique
background. Can you tell me about what
you were doing before this and the
journey that led you to where you're at
today? Yeah, prior to going online and
and building a business, I was in
technology and ended up at a really
small tech firm in New York called
Zakdoc. And um I was successful out of
the gate and spent 5 years at that
company eventually reporting to the CEO
and I parlayed that into my very first
executive role at 33. I was the VP of
sales. I was hired on, but I was the VP
of sales of one person in a company that
had no revenue. And I thought I would do
maybe 1 or 3 million in ARR and they
would go get like an inexperienced
person to come kind of take over that
that role. Hired some good people. A lot
of things just went my way. And the
company grew to about 50 million in
recurring in 4 and a half years. The
problem is that when you work at a
company like Zachdoc, which was really,
really well known for like very
cutthroat, very, very deep and intense
work ethic, and then transition into
becoming an executive, you go 10
consecutive years of high anxiety, high
stress, board meetings, targets, and
after 10 years, um, I burned out really
badly. And that all culminated in this
massive panic attack that I had on
December would have been December 16th
of 2018, um, where I just thought I was
dying. For people who have had panic
attacks, your fingers go numb is the
first thing. Then you get very confused
and like I was on all fours, screaming,
crying, hallucinating. Didn't know what
was happening. Uh so my wife called 911
and uh the EMTs came out and told me
that I was not dying and uh things
subsided over the next few hours and
that was the end of my career in tech.
Basically, that was how I ended up
trying to build my own thing on social
media.
Costs to run a one-person business
I know you run a oneperson business, so
you can't spend too much money. What do
you spend money on and what don't you
spend money on?
Yeah. Um, I spend mostly on software.
So, um, I try and keep my software stack
as lean as possible. I use a a piece of
software called Kajjabi, which is sort
of like an all-in-one marketing solution
and website solution for, you know,
solarreneurs, creators, coaches, things
like that. So that is the primary meat
of my cost, 399 bucks a month. The total
cost of my business is about 620 bucks a
month. Uh so I have things like
testimonial.to, I've got Tapio, I have
Hype Furious, some publishing tools. Uh
almost everything that I invest into my
business is tools. I do not spend any
money on paid ads. So I've never run a
paid ad before. I don't have any
employees. Um I very very rarely work
with freelancers and contractors. But I
really spend most of my money on
software and things that make creating
content easier for me cuz my business is
really content driven.
Content Marketing Strategy
All right, let's get tactical. I want to
talk about marketing. You've reached
millions, potentially billions of
impressions on social media and you've
sold millions of courses. What's your
marketing strategy?
It's not as complex, I think, as a lot
of folks might assume that it is.
Really, it's content driven. Most of my
strategy is to show up on two platforms
every single day, two to three times a
day. And those platforms right now are
LinkedIn and Twitter. And the way that I
do that is sort of a few different
things. The first one is what I call
discovery. And that is just getting
discovered by new people at the top of
funnel. So on Twitter, on LinkedIn,
people who have never discovered me, who
have no idea who I am, who have never
seen my name and face before, I want
them to find me on those social media
platforms. The second thing that I want
to do once people have discovered me,
and this is sort of the second part of
my I guess you could call it funnel, but
I don't really like to think of it as a
funnel, is trust. And trust to me comes
from really showing people how your
brain works. And the easiest way to show
someone how your brain works is through
longer form content. So what that is for
me is my weekly newsletter and the
guides and articles that I produce on my
website. So every day what I'm trying to
do is move people from Twitter and
LinkedIn onto my website. Once I do
that, it's pretty simple. Discovery,
trust, expertise, and authority. And
then it's a presentation of an offer.
And my offers aren't aggressive. It's
not like, "Hey, you need to buy my
course right now. Urgency." It's just
like if you enjoyed this piece of long-
form content, if you believe I'm the
person that can help you solve the
problems that you have in your social
media content or your online business,
then here are some affordable options
that I have right now. That's my funnel.
Social media for discovery, longer form
newsletter for trust, authority, and
expertise, and then asking people to buy
something. Pretty simple.
How to find ideas for content
All right. So, Justin, you post a ton of
content on social media. How do you come
up with so many new ideas for great
content? Yeah, I have a bunch of
different ways that I I think of ideas.
Some really common ones for me is I
subscribe to a lot of aggregator
newsletters. So, every morning in my
inbox, I get, you know, some of the
biggest stories. I get some of my
favorite creators bringing some of their
things into my inbox. Uh, I look at a
lot of YouTube channels that are
relevant to to what I do, and I look at
their most popular videos because if
it's a popular video on YouTube, then
it's probably going to resonate with my
audience. I'm always looking for things
that I can put my spin on, right? You
don't want to write the same thing that
somebody else in your industry wrote.
You want to take popular topics. You
want to take things that are challenging
to my ideal customer. And I want to put
my spin on those things. I take ideas
from everywhere. Podcasts I listen to.
When I go on a walk, things pop into my
head. So, I use my phone to capture
things. I I'm always trying to be
cognizant that ideation is around you at
all times. And if you let it slip by
without noting it down, I can never
remember them. So, I just try and keep
track of them as they're happening.
Daily routine as a solopreneur
What's a typical day in the life look
like for you?
My days are relatively regimented. I
wake up 5:30, 6, sometimes 6:30. I have
a standing date with social media every
morning. So, my content comes out at the
exact same time every single morning,
8:15 Eastern time on both platforms,
LinkedIn and Twitter. And I make it a
point to engage with my audience almost
every single morning for at least 45
minutes to an hour. Once I'm done with
that, my wife and I, we got to go to the
gym. And so we drive about 20 minutes
down to the nearest town called Stone
Ridge and we go to a gym there. So we
might spend 9:30 till, you know, 11 at
the gym and driving. And then we eat
lunch, you know, around 11:30, 12. And I
don't really start doing creative work
till normally around noon or 1:00 p.m.
each day. And I'll try and do like a
really intense 3 or 4 hours. And a
typical uh, you know, day for that might
be Monday. I'll spend that time writing
my newsletter. Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Thursday, I'll spend that time creating
content. And Friday, I'll work towards
more strategic projects. So, building a
new product, um, you know, standing up a
new service, working to meet interesting
and unique people like you or like other
folks who I uh, you know, admire on
Twitter and LinkedIn. That's usually how
I spend my Fridays, but that's a pretty
typical and average week.
The fastest way to learn and grow
It's really impressed me how fast you've
built this business. How do you level up
and how have you been able to grow so
quickly?
Back in 2018 when I first started giving
this a swing, Russell Brunson was really
popular, so I bought a lot of his books
and that kind of gave me the
fundamentals or the foundation for
understanding why people change, why
people buy things, how to tell stories.
The way that I have leveled up is I'm a
hypothesisdriven
creator. Same thing I was when I was a
sales leader in my my previous career,
which meant making a hypothesis, testing
it, seeing if it worked. If it did,
doing it twice as much or three times as
much or five times as much, and if it
didn't, completely eliminating it. So,
what I always encourage people to do is
try a bunch of stuff. Try things. Throw
everything you can against the wall.
That's the easiest path to getting
better at this very specific business.
Yeah. What advice would you have for
someone that wants to do something
similar or wants to get started building
Advice for new solopreneurs
a a brand online and and selling
products?
The first thing I would I would do is is
really think kind of deep and hard about
what it is that you love doing that
you're also very competent at. So figure
out what that thing is. Talk to your
friends, talk to your family, and go
start talking about it online. The
number one piece of advice I have for
people is start. Everyone wants to learn
everything. Everyone wants to read every
book or listen to every podcast or do
whatever. Starting will teach you a
hundred times more than reading my story
or listening to what I have to say
because your journey and everyone else's
journey is going to be very different
than mine. All advice is contextual,
mine included. Start, learn, try.
Yeah, that's great. Thank you. Let's go.