Meet Timo and the LinkedIn Opportunity
This is multi-millionaire founder Teemo. He built and sold his business fan for
multi-8 figures [music] by the age of 27, proving that he knows how to build and scale businesses better than almost
anyone. But LinkedIn is his biggest on [music] opportunity to turn his track
record into his next milliondoll revenue stream in [music] 2026. And after
speaking to him about how to achieve this and noticing his engagement was decreasing [music] and learning about
his next few businesses, I'm going to give him the five cheat codes that will transform his entire LinkedIn strategy
forever. And I'm Lara. I have a proven track record of growing personal brands. And the [music] five cheat codes I'm
about to show Teemo have gotten me millions of views, thousands of followers, and built me six and seven
[music] figure businesses in the last 3 years. The LinkedIn cheat codes are one,
The 5 LinkedIn Cheat Codes Overview
the best content play he [music] should run to win LinkedIn. Two, positioning and how to turn his current success into
a platform advantage. [music] Three, content engineering and how to build a system that actually works regardless
[music] of the algorithm. Four, conversion and how to turn attention into [music] buyers and clients off
LinkedIn alone. And five, the content formats and hacks [music] he needs to use to make his content addictive to
read. The plan is simple. look at his LinkedIn, find a category of one, and build a full strategy for him to execute
[music] this year. So today I'm with my friend Timo Amu. And Timo, hi. You've
Identifying the Core LinkedIn Problems
gained a lot of followers on social media across Instagram, Tik Tok, and now LinkedIn as well. Now, we're going to be
covering the problems that you currently have with your personal brand on LinkedIn. What do you think they are? Uh
I think we talk about too many things and we also don't have a direct conversion funnel from LinkedIn
too many things and no direct conversion path although I think we may have one by the time the
video comes out but let's assume we don't have one now. Very cool. And so now you are very aware of this. This is a common problem that
entrepreneurs like yourself have because you have grown to the point where you've done too many things. It's easier to
start a personal brand when you have one thing but you do a lot of things. You have a lot of things to talk about. Now what are the topics that you are very
interested to become known for on LinkedIn? One of the things we have is that we
Monetizable Expertise vs Unfair Advantages
sell companies on behalf of founders. So if founders want to build a business to then sell, we help them do that. So
that's one selling companies but also a lot of corporates like everyone from Goldman Sachs to JP Morgan to Samsung
pay me to come in to talk to them about basically how to reach a younger workforce and like building an
intergenerational workforce. And then also there is some very good stuff about
basically how to market to Jenzi cuz my last company Fan Bites what we did was that we helped brands like the world's
biggest brands McDonald's Adidas we helped them to market to Jenzi. So I've also become quite a thought leader in
that. Okay. So this is what I call monetizable expertise. So these are the things that you can actually monetize by just simply
talking about them. Now there's oh at the same time ah oh my god that's
spooky. Oh my god. Okay lock in. [laughter] We have this but now we need to find
your unfair advantages. So things that you can talk to to a broad market that don't know what this is about but then
over time you can convert them. Okay. So my unfair advantages, one is
that I have built a number of successful businesses before in like very accessible industries. Second one is my
background as someone I grew up in South London, Oaken Road, Council Estate. I've basically talked about that a lot. So
people like see me as another kind of workingass boy who's done well. And then I think also just um I do talk about
like being a African like being from Ghana and that whole kind of immigrant
mentality and that whole thing is something a lot of people also warm up to. So probably those three I guess are
my unfair advantages. Okay, cool. So I think out of the three these two are great as well as this one
but we need a little bit more relatability because you're in the business niche as entrepreneur. So what are the top three things within the
Broad, Narrow, and Niche Content Strategy
business broad that we can talk about that anytime you speak at a conference people resonate with? You just wrote a
book. Okay, cool. Let me pick the key thing. So one would be starting a business young and having a lot of that kind of
self-doubt and insecurity cuz I started a bunch of companies young fan bites I started when I was 21. So there's a lot
of that kind of first time founder doubt. Another thing is obviously as you mentioned I wrote a book which became an
instant number one Sunday Times bestseller. Come on Jeep. But in that book the reason why people like it a lot
is that it is very relatable and practical. Like I talk about you know feeling like nobody or how to build a
network or how I raise funding for fan bites. We raised 2 million in funding throughout my business journey. I've now
raised about 18 million now in funding for different companies. And you know at first I started off as someone who
didn't know how that worked. I'm so proud of you. Out of all these things though, there's one thing that's missing and it is the mindset bit. In your book,
you speak a lot about mindset and what I know that resonates a lot is like how to engineer your own luck, which is part of
one of your key codes. We're not the stories that you tell yourself. Yeah. So, there's a lot of stuff there about mindset things like it's not that
deep. That's actually one of the chapters of my book about basically like gaining perspective. We are the stories
that we tell ourselves. So in there I have a ton of different stories about the fact that like growing up in South
London I had a negative story around me and then the things that I did to change into a positive story. Everything big
starts small. So just the importance of like starting off very small but still having a big vision. So
yeah there's a lot and networking. Yes man, this is so good. Yeah. Okay. So the reason why I'm asking is
that there are three different pillars that I like to think about when I do content. Broad, narrow and niche. Now we
have the monetizable expertise and you're on for advantages. But these three topics and themes type are the
ones that are going to expose you to a new audience. The reason why most people stagnate in their growth like back in
2023 2024 it was really easy to grow on LinkedIn you experience that as well but now most people are in some sort of
plateau which you have also experienced and the reason is because we stop creating content to acquire new
followers and start just settling for the things that work. But then if you consistently repurpose the content that used to work, which I think you've done.
I've talked to your team before and it was that. But that doesn't work because you need to find a new angle for the
same idea. It needs to be novel. It needs to be new. One of the most viral themes and topics that Timmo used to
have on his LinkedIn one year ago was about the African problems and stuff, right? Yeah. So then how do we turn that into a noble
concept? Understanding that people want some sort of touch point with you. Before it was the quote and then some
sort of like tip. But today I think you can talk about like my favorite piece of advice growing up is this and you put
the the African proverb and it's a photo of you. You're telling it from a story lens rather than just a tip lens.
LinkedIn has changed to the point that they just want personalities rather than just tips and tricks. Okay,
that's very valuable. So broad, narrow and niche. So the broad content will be all the mindset stuff so we can get all the beginners and the new
people coming in. It's almost exactly what Alex and Rosie did with $100 million offers or whatever because that
introduces a new market of people into who you are to a at a very basic level and then over time you can nurture them
as they grow in their business and their personal brand journey and following in social media as to understanding what all the types of businesses really are.
So then the narrow would be all of these things as well as this and then super niche will be when you decide to sell
like a product online. So what should be the ratio of broad narrative? Okay. So this is interesting.
So when it comes to monetization of a personal brand, there are five key LinkedIn plays plays. Okay.
The 5 LinkedIn Plays Explained
The five key LinkedIn plays every single person should be using depend on their goal and also their experience. So there
are beginners, there are intermediates and there are advanced people. So one is the client play and two is the case
study play. So you are not playing these games because you don't have to look for clients because you already have that
authority. However, many people giving advice on personal brand, they are stuck in these place because that is the
concept that used to work for everyone. But social media has evolved. So these are not going to be for you. But if
you're a beginner and you're starting, these are the content place that you want to use. Now the other two, number three and number four are the category
of one play, authority, and distribution player. So out of those two, I think
you're in between these ones as well. And then in order to reach number five which is multiplier player you need to
kind of understand where the point of inflection here is. So you can then go
into here the category of one player is people like Dan co Justin Welsh Jake
Wood or even me when you think about a word people on LinkedIn think of you. So with Justin Welsh you think solopreneur.
With my friend Jake Wood they think about SEO. With me they think about personal brand on LinkedIn. Now with
you, because we've talked about so many topics before, they do not know where to categorize you. So we go into the street
Creating a Category of One
and we put 10 people that follow you. Some people will think tips, some people will think exiting a business, some
people will think fan bites. The reality is that we need them to remember you for one specific thing. So what do you think
that is for you today? Well, so my question would actually be so we said earlier the people who engage and the
people who pay from our LinkedIn can be corporates all around how to hire and
market a jenzi and then you also have the founders who pay me like 100 grand a
year to basically be their coach to exit their business. So you basically have two groups of people. So how do I
determine we find so at any time with any business that you ever have and any interest
there is an overlap where you are here and then they all overlap. So with this higher marketing jensy then coach to
exit you have fan bites and then you build a business you exited it and you're good at marketing. So for me the
main thing that would go here is what people know you for that the person at
HR can use to take to their boss to be like oh he built and sold fan bites in this industry so therefore you need to
hire him and then the other people would be like oh yeah it's a fan bites play or like the fact that you've built and sold
exitable businesses in this specific space. So that's it. So, we need to lead with that social proof as much as
possible because there's so many people that do not know your story. And the problem is with most marketing agencies
and people that I work with, people get tired of using that social proof too much because they think it's too much.
There's like some sort of like overwhelm with the founder. However, you need to think about what was the last LinkedIn
post that you read today. You won't remember it. And so, repetition builds repetition at scale. So, you need to
force yourself to repeat yourself a lot. But it's good. Okay. So, anytime you think that you're
going in the wrong direction, it's because you're steering away from the main thing, which was talking about who
you are at all times. Out of all of the post, the cadence should always be at least three posts every single week. No
matter how many you do, they need to refer back to your experience that makes you the unique person to talk to about
this subject. Interesting. Yeah. Now, good. We've got the category of one play, which you have. So, it's like the fan
Turning One Story Into 4 Content Angles
bites play, the I built and sold this business, the eight figure play. I actually went and analyzed every single one of your podcast that you had and the
similar keyword that they all use is either 8 figure exited founder
or multi-millionaire and the last one is your story the racks and riches.
So if they are using it on YouTube and it's performing at an outlier level why not take that onto LinkedIn as well
because it's a proven concept. You need to look for keywords. I like to think about LinkedIn like SEO a little bit and you need to think okay what are people
clicking on on other platforms and how can I take this to LinkedIn? Great. Cool. So on the rags to riches thing, right?
Cuz as you know, like our best ever post was the whole like thing. I got put it up on the screen now. Now
that's cool. It brings in a lot of kind of I guess fans etc. And I guess to some
degree it does get the attention of the corporates etc. But that is almost like just content to build an audience. It
doesn't directly lead to anything. That's a good way to think about it. Yeah. So you're saying you don't like it? I'm saying what proportion
you're saying like inspiring people. Well, that's great. I'm saying what proportion of our content do you think
should be that? Yeah. So, it depends. I usually say four posts a week is fine, but for you because you have a team and you have all
of this expertise, you can actually post five to six times a week. I think personally three times a week using
story-led content about the racks of riches, but also the middle like there are many other stories that you can tell that actually relate to that middle
round. So the self-doubt, the impulsive syndrome, getting your first client, we need to talk about them, but in
different angles. You can always take one topic and divide it into different things. But people just start rinse and
repeating templates. And that's why we run out of content ideas. You literally have infinite content ideas. If you have
five key topics, you just do how to, a story, a listical, and a second story
variated from the first story. Okay. Yeah. One of the stories people really like is when we got our first big ticket
deal in fan bites and it was when we we Charlotte Tilbury. Yeah. So we had a proposal and before
that we had been charging lower prices like 1 grand 2 grand for our services cuz we basically didn't back ourselves
enough to charge high. And then for some reason I just thought you know what we're going to charge a high price. And so I put the packages there. I put uh
bronze, silver, gold. And then for gold, I said it was going to be 40 grand. And at that time, that was the highest that
we charge. And I kind of just said, do you know what? We got to be big boys now. And then we did it. And then they came back and they said, "Well,
actually, do you know what? We'd like to start off at 60 grand." And I remember thinking, "Oh my god, like this is insane. If we had just kept doing one
grand here, two grand here, there's no chance they would have even said 60 grand because of positioning." So that's kind of the story, right? And I share
that with your audience there for you to know. Okay. So basically there are four different angles and we can actually
even multiply even further. So the same story different content. Okay. So the first one educational this is how I
closed Charlotte Tilbury at 20 seven. Okay. And then you tell the story in the exact same way. The second one is a
storyled post. Sorry to interrupt. So you know the how to this is how I do I want to leave the
audience with then like a practical takeaway. Yes. So I'll I'll get into that in a second. This is how I. So, it's always
important to use the how I angle because right now with AI slop, every single person is how to build and sell a
business and they've never done it. This is how to build a personal front and they have 5,000 followers. So, always use the how I because no one can judge
you for personal experience. Like, and there's no right or wrong. It is your way because it worked. Okay? And also,
we're leading with a case study like Charlotte Tilbury. So, immediately you're borrowing credibility. You have
the credibility yourself and it's engaging because you're about to teach them something. Number two is in 2019 I
made my first $100,000 in a month or whatever whatever the result was. Uh we need to quantify something very quickly
from the very beginning so we can retain people. Today everybody tries to copy what's working on YouTube, Tik Tok, etc.
But it doesn't work because on Tik Tok you have a lot of variance like video music. How you do it on LinkedIn is you
use practicality or specificity and numbers so you can retain an audience
making them feel like they're about to get a big payoff if they keep on reading. Okay. The third one would be a listical
how to get your first big ticket client. How to make your first $10,000 by charging one client. And then the next
story is actually important. So here we're taking the same story here but we're using a common denominator problem
that people have. Imposter syndrome, self-doubt, making money online, getting your first client, I'm shy, I don't know
how to raise my prices. You use a keyword that we know works. So imposter syndrome works on LinkedIn because every
single person on earth struggles with it at some point especially people that are really content on LinkedIn because
they're either corporates, they are entrepreneurs or they are just freelancers or there may be even an
exited entrepreneur like you that still struggles with it and likes to see you being honest about your own journey
because some people pedestalize influencers and big entrepreneurs and celebrities and it is better to
sometimes come down and be like no I'm just like you. I just did the thing instead. And then you get to inspire
them. Quick one. If [music] you want the strategies, frameworks, and tools I'm giving business owners like Teemo to
scale their personal brands on LinkedIn faster in 2026, I give all of these away inside of my mentorship programs. If you
want to become a client and get access to all [music] of these playbooks, frameworks, systems, and so much more, then click on the first link in the
description and I'll see you inside. Let's get into how to write each one of them because it's actually so easy. So
The SLAY and PASS Frameworks
there's two formats that I always back on like gone to my head. I will always use the slay framework and the past
framework. Everything else is a bit irrelevant. So slay when you're doing storytelling, you always want to
educate. The problem with storytelling today is that people tell stories that never end and never get to a point.
Okay? And this is why stories fail. Then people will come to me and they're like, "You told me to tell a story." And I'm like, "Yeah, with a point." You need to
get to the point quickly. So the Slay framework helps you get there. So you tell two lines of a story. So in 2019, I
closed my first high ticket client and it changed my life completely. This is how I did it. These are the three key
actionable steps on how I did it. How are you going to implement this today? S is for story. L is for lesson. A is for
actionable advice. And the U is a way to engagement hack on LinkedIn. Dwell time
on LinkedIn is one of the most important metrics that no one is thinking about today. But the reason why it needs to
happen is because the more time people spend on your post today, the better it is along the way. But people don't like
they will know but then they will do everything to not have that happen. So when you introduce a question people
will then kind of be tempted to answer it and then comment more. Okay. And then pass problem agitate solution. So if you
don't have a high ticket client today this is why you need one before 2026 ends and then you give the solution.
That's it. Could your path also be like the problem being you know you should charge more
but you just don't know how to. Yes. as long as as long as it's it needs to be very direct. So sometimes that
type of post doesn't work because it's too leading. It may not spark enough curiosity for them to want to read it.
But if you're like you're going to be broke if you don't do this thing. Here's exactly how to do it. Then that's a little bit more speed like they want to
get into. So let's finish with the four plays that we have here. The other three plays. So we have the authority and
Authority and Distribution Play
distribution play which you also have. You have a big network and you have all the authority here. Bestselling author,
exited entrepreneur. So we have the authority in distribution place. So we have bestselling book, we have fan
bites, we have the companies that you built then you sold as well. Companies sold and we have the network. Huh?
Yeah. People in your network in this cuz I've talked with my team about this. There are certain things
which I don't particularly see as interesting but then I understand they are seen as interesting. So, for
example, 4:30 under 13, that was a while ago, and I was like, "Oh, cool. Should we talk about that? Should we even
include that in our bio? I don't know." There's also other stuff like when I'm like featured in a bunch of different
news sites, etc. I'm just like, "Yeah, cool." Well, that's positioning. So, we have the four main things that we know that
kind of work, right? This is where positioning and pattern recognition happens. So, you have a lot of exposure
to the market. Therefore, you see so many different announcements every single day and you kind of already been
used to it. Nothing is novel to you because you see it all the time. But to a beginner audience and an intermediate
audience, the full study on the 30 that even if it happened a while ago, it's still relevant because they can categorize you as this type of person
that did that. The magazine thing, they categorize it. We need to understand this. Otherwise, we're going to be playing a losing game by not talking
about the things that are relevant enough. So play the winning game by understanding how people box you into
things immediately. So that's why, you know, content happens and like the first three lines of a hug matter because it's
like quick distribution and connection to what's happening. The fourth thing, we don't have to talk about it all the
time, but if you talk about it once a month amongst all the other millions and millions and millions and millions of
achievements you've gotten, then that plays into positioning a lot. So don't
see it as bragging. see it as a way for people to fund you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then the pattern recognition
is the same. Okay. So that's a full send a 30 person. I feel like I can trust him more because of that. Oh wait, he also
founded this company found bites. It's like a little funnel. It's a mini funnel of people to understanding who you are in a short space of time.
Yeah. And I guess with pattern recognition as well actually like there are so many people that I meet and so
many people that we take pictures of, we put it on story but like we don't talk about LinkedIn and yeah that's
interesting. Okay, I want to get into the distribution play. Tell me what that means. Because you don't do it enough. Okay, so
the distribution play is basically when you're using your network and community to push you even harder. Every single
social media platform is community-led. A person needs to like your post so it can be seen in the algorithm even more.
People are actually liking your post every single day, like real people. And we kind of forget that because we just see the numbers, but we don't see the
people behind them. So, how do we make them want to engage with us? We build a community. So you do it by borrowing
credibility, but you already have it. So you borrow credibility from the forms. You borrow credibility from your friends
and you borrow credibility from the people that are platform native like myself. Every time we've done a post together, it works because people
recognize me and then they like attribute that to him as well. And then they find him and they're like, "Oh, he's kind of also cool but not as cool
as Lara, but that's enough." Okay. Word for word. That's what they say. Exactly. So we need to leverage this a
little bit more and you can do this with all the photos that your community and sons have taken. However, there's a very
specific way to do this because you cannot just post every single time your community shares a place with you. There's another way and I'll show you in
a second. And then the second way of distribution is the podcast you went on the BBC and then all of these things
that you can also use as leverage. Okay, there's another one that you need to leverage a little bit more and that's
engagement. So engagement on LinkedIn is one of the most important modes to build an engaged network. The more you engage,
the better your content is going to be received because people look at comments as well as likes to kind of also pattern
recognize if the post is good because people will see the likes than the comments and if it doesn't have that many comments, they'll either think that
is just AI or something else. So how do we build this? You use the 3+ 1 commenting rule on LinkedIn. So on your
post, you want to leave three comments underneath your own post. So, you're going to be hyping yourself up.
Basically, you do a behind the scenes kind of like, hey, today I'm like working on this exterable business strategy and you take a photo of your
laptop and that's almost like bringing people into your world. The marketers and all the creatives will call this
world building and in B2B also works because you're introducing people into your own mini world as a business owner.
You don't need a large set. You don't need to create all of these things. You just need to show them what's going on behind the scenes, right? And this gives
them a second and third way of engaging with you if the post wasn't like something that they wanted to comment
on. So you do this on each post. Yeah. Then the second one needs to be like an educational tip. So today you
have a library of content that you can use as comments. What I do is I go through my old content. I pick the one
that is relevant to the post that I did that day. So if I tell a story about how I, you know, just built one of my
businesses, then I can go back and choose one post that talks about building a business on LinkedIn. Then I copy and paste that post onto my
comments and then that's a second shot of like a good educational post and I can repurpose my content that way as
well. So as in you take the whole post of another post. Depends on the length. Sometimes I'll edit it a little bit. Maybe I just leave
the hook and then give my new thoughts on the post that I wrote. But that's how I repurpose my content and then it's
giving value and people appreciate that because again AI slop is a problem on LinkedIn. This is how you beat it and
how you humanize yourself. And the third one can be like a version of this or a version of this or something else. Okay,
so you're doing that. Behind the camera, by the way, is Jonah. He has my social. He's great. Shout out Jonah when you see this.
Had to shout out him to sat down. But yeah, shout out Jonah. Okay, so then now you understand the play number three and
play number four that you're in the middle of. You're in that intersection. We want to learn how to then win the
Becoming a Multiplier on LinkedIn
multiplier. The multiplier. Okay. So, here is when you've mastered three
and four, you found your inflection point and you can hit like that momentum wave where like all content performs
equally as well and there's no like up and down, up and down, up and down. So, you're not consistently thinking about
what's going on because you have your content themes, you have your monetizable expertise, you have your own
fair advantages, you know how many times a week you're posting. So, 1 2 3 4 5. You have your main three, you know,
pillars. Pillar one, pillar two, pillar three. And then you know exactly what game you're playing so you don't go out
of it and start trying to see what other people are doing because this is exactly what happens here. And that's why it's
up and down, up and down, up and down. Essentially focus is the main thing. You have the distribution, you have the
content, and you have the social proof. And all you need to do is do it consistently and don't let anything else
get in the way. And that's how you become a multiplier. So now we have all this attention. We need to make money
from it essentially. What are we promoting on LinkedIn today? So, I haven't ever really promoted
Monetization Strategy and Content Offer Fit
anything on LinkedIn. The last thing was the book, which was great. Now, going forward, I want to effectively promote
two things, and you're probably going to say I shouldn't promote two things. I would say I shouldn't promote two things, but I'm going to say there's two
things, and then you're going to tell me what I should do and what I shouldn't. So, first thing is, as I mentioned, I do
a lot of public speaking, and so I want to promote and I enjoy it. So I want to
promote that as a thing for companies to get in touch etc. And I want to take that to the next level this year. And
then the second thing is actually something called the founder intentive like we have this whole mastermind to
help people build a sellable business. And for that the way we are doing it is
we are doing these weekly workshops which invite people and we talk to them
about building a business and Q&A. So directing people to these workshops,
offplatforming them is probably the biggest thing there. Okay. So these are all high ticket, right? Yeah.
There are two concepts that I recently learned to love and there's the idea of content market fit and then content
offer fit. There's many people that have millions of followers but that cannot convert anything because there's no
content market fit and there's no content offer fit. So what we just did earlier and the reason why I asked you
what your main goals with LinkedIn were was so every single piece of content that you ever create kind of makes sense
whenever you do decide to promote either of these things. So when you're talking about your unfair advantages you're also
making people know that you talk about self-doubt that you talk about productivity you talk about mindset you talk about you know being an author and
your racks to riches and then when you decide to sell the foundry intensive when you start promoting it it doesn't feel like it's coming out of nowhere. So
we've introduced the idea slowly for when you decide to promote. Okay, content market fit. We have it and then
we have content of a fit because every single piece of content that you create has something to do with building a businesses a business or mindset and all
these things that people like hearing in public speaking talks or conferences. All right. So on the public speaking
front the main topic is generally around hiring and marked into Gen Z. Yeah. So generally the corporates don't
want like a motivational talk about be your best self etc. It's more about what are trends going on what are themes
going on in the industry. Okay. So one of my thoughts is what proportion
of so we don't have content should be like the kind of motivationally stuff cuz I don't think
it should and actually now that I'm thinking about this I realize that we have too much content which actually
doesn't really highlight this second one. this one we talk about it but then it's actually not as much as we should
do. That's why I covered the monetizable expertise thing and how to write a post for it. So after this you will have it.
So once that is fixed then the content market and the content offer it will be fixed.
Yeah. Back to the speaking cuz I think it's a main point of discussion that you usually have. Let's say you want to post five times a week. I think one of them
should be dedicated to hiring like it needs to be a topic that is broad. Yeah.
Right. to still fit in that broad narrow niche narrative. And then as an adjacent whenever you're telling a story, one of
the stories that you tell a week, because there's two stories a week, so story is story. One of them has to be about hiring or Jensen and Teimmo's
experience doing that. But it doesn't have to be necessarily about hiring in the hook, but it has to lead to an outcome or a
point where he talks about hiring in one sentence or two. It doesn't have to be this long drawn out thing. It can just
be like two points I start hiring more people build SOPs done and then these are going to be the educational
monetizable expertise where he talks about exitable businesses how he's built it his story about it etc. I think the
best thing is starting with four, understanding the patterns and how why
things work and then doubling down. The volume game doesn't work for everyone until they crack the code on LinkedIn,
which you guys are doing already with the stories after I talk to you. This is our second coaching conversation.
Great. Quick one. If you liked all the frameworks that we just used, I just put them all in a free PDF for you to
download today, completely for free. My [music] treat from us to you. So click the link in the description and I'll see
you inside. So now you have a big audience on Instagram. You get to share
a lot more of the behind the scenes on your Instagram like the photos etc. You reshare stories. How do we do that on
LinkedIn and why does it not work when we do the exact same thing and repurpose copy paste the same post because the difference in audiences and interest is
insanely different. LinkedIn's professional Instagram is consumers. So, how do we make the same Instagram post
into something that is consumable and easily resable for LinkedIn? When we're repurposing, let's say a video that went
viral, right, on your Instagram, how do we do it for LinkedIn? We can use the same video, but then the caption needs
to work for you. Instead of using the same caption as like, oh, we just roasted 20 books with Lara Costa. is
like this video got 500 million 500,000 views on Instagram. We brutally roasted
the top books in the business space and that's it. You give context before they have to click on the video because
people aren't watching videos on LinkedIn. They don't really scroll for videos. They scroll for written fast
content. So, we need to optimize to give them as much context as possible before they decide to click watch. Same with
the carousel. Same with everything else. Like if it's the same polish, you need to give as much context. always think about the word context please.
So we did a post recently which is doing very well which is this thing called
investor next where people came and then I had to decide whether I was going to invest in their business or not. The
first video we posted is doing quite well. I think it'd be a good video to post on LinkedIn because it builds
credibility, social proof. Yeah. Yeah. And also I think it would build a fan base amongst those two people who are
like the entrepreneurial crowd but also the corporates who are like wow this is a very interesting dynamic way to reach
entrepreneurs. Okay. So that video did well I saw it last week I roasted 10 business ideas
live. Did I invest? And then you give two more lines of context. You know 100
entrepreneurs signed up only 10 came. One got investment. It's kind of like
using the Buzzfeed headlines just to grab intrigue.
Yeah. Interesting. Okay. Cuz you're right. I guess on Insta, if you're just growing, growing, growing, growing. Yeah. It's easy cuz you're already in
like consumer mode. We need to put them in that consumer mode by giving them context and giving them the right
keywords to be engaged in. So like we need to kind of like retain their attention with something that they want.
So business ideas, I roasted 10 entrepreneurs live, you know, in real time. And then at the end is important
as well to encourage more engagement because videos are not going to get as much engagement. So we need to sort of
like farm it. How do we do it with a repose this post if you want to be next? Repose this post if you want to get
access to the next round when we have it whatever anything like that. Or even like now that I'm thinking about
it or even tag someone that you think should come for the next thing cuz always like to support their friends.
Cool. So that's it. How are you feeling? I feel like the most knowledgeable LinkedIn man in East London.
So what's stopping you from going all in? I see what you did. I see what you did there. She did that cuz the name of my
book is what's stopping me. Nothing. I think you've given very good tactical frameworks. This is great. Thank you.
Yeah. So we've got all the cheat codes and nothing stopping Timo from becoming a LinkedIn legend. So
you just be dropping these germs. Okay. Thank you. Bye.
So that's a wrap. I had way too much fun doing this and hopefully Tim was going to implement everything else. So, we
walked through the five LinkedIn plays every single beginner entrepreneur and advanced entrepreneur should be thinking
about when they start building their personal brands. I also showed him how to structure his content to actually
create [music] a systematized strategy for his LinkedIn so it can run on automatic in the future. And also, we
had a great time. So hopefully you enjoyed this and if you love this video, please leave a comment below telling me
why or who do you want on the hot seat next time. And also please subscribe to the channel so it can keep on growing.
And I recorded a similar video breaking down a beginner's content [music] strategy step by step. And since then
he's gotten 750,000 views in 28 days. So click here to watch exactly how we did
it. Bye.